1.  What is web ?

--> Collection of informations which is stored when we ask the information is given.
    To work on web and everything, we need a browser like Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Internet explorer, Opera.
    Preffered browsers for developers are Chrome and Firefox.
  
  
  
2.  Statically Typed Languages -

--> Statically typed languages perform type checking at compile time.
    This means that you as the programmer must specify what is the type of each variable.
    If a script written in a statically-typed language (such as Java) contains errors, it will fail to compile until the errors have been fixed.
    The main advantage here is that all kinds of checking can be done by the compiler, and therefore a lot of trivial bugs are caught at a very early stage.
    Examples: C, C++, Java, Rust, Go, Scala.
    
    
    
3.  Dynamically Typed Languages -

--> Dynamically-typed languages perform type checking at runtime.
    This means that you as a programmer can write a little quicker because you do not have to specify types every time.
    This means that scripts written in dynamically-typed languages can compile even if they contain errors that will prevent the script from running properly.
    Here you may find yourself searching for a bug that is due to the interpreter misinterpreting the type of a variable.
    Luckily, scripts tend to be small so bugs have not so many places to hide.
    Examples: Javascript, Python, Ruby, Perl, PHP, Erlang.
    
    
    
4.  Scripting Language -

--> All scripting languages can be considered as programming languages,  which don't require an explicit compilation step.
    JavaScript is a "scripting" language, you don't have to compile a JavaScript program before you run it.
    The scripting languages like javascript, html & css are all script. so its only execute on browser only.
    The programming languages like c, c++, java are all the kind of programming languages where we writes a code in a readable way which then it need to convert a permision and give a result.

 
